How do we plan to collaborate?
We are going to organize on-campus meetings at least two times a week where we will discuss the current state of the project and plan any tasks that we need to accomplish, and distribute them among all the members. If needed, a member who is having problems with their current task can ask for help from other team members.


How do we ensure that everyone in our group stays informed about the individual contributions?
We will make use of git practices, such as creating issues and assigning members who will work on them (Kanban board). We will also track commits, review each other’s code, and have regular standup meetings to check on everyone’s progress. Additionally, we will keep in touch through our communication platform outside of meeting hours.


How do we ensure knowledge transfer among our team members?
We will keep each other updated through our in-person meetings (or through Discord, in case someone is unable to join or we decide to work remotely). Good git workflow (commit messages standards, code reviews, etc.) will ensure that each team member will be able to easily see the state of the project.


What is our usual communication plan?
We will mainly communicate through our personal Discord server to schedule meetings, give updates and other important information. Any other conversations will happen during meetings, whether in-person or remote, as well as “outside work” conversations.


How will we solve conflicts?
If any disagreements were to occur, we will get all members involved to avoid the escalation of the problem and have a discussion trying to resolve the matter. If the severity of a certain conflict is too large to handle within the project group, a consultation with the TA and/or the teacher will be sought.


How do you plan to ensure responsible use of LLMs in your project and how do you transparently and traceably document the use of LLMs? 
We will keep logs of our LLMs chats. If a feature or fix was implemented with the aid of an LLM, said feature will be linked to the LLM conversation  in the wiki page of the repository. If we use a fragment of code generated by an LLM, it will be preceded by a comment disclosing that, as well as a link to the conversation (if possible). 
